Intercom documentation revamp (#536)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: destinations/business-messaging/intercom.mdx

---
# slug: "/docs/destinations/business-messaging/intercom"
title: "Intercom"
description: Step-by-step guide on sending your event data from RudderStack to Intercom.
---

# Intercom

[Intercom](https://www.intercom.com/) is a real-time business messaging platform that lets you bring together and manage all your customer life cycle activities in a single platform.

<div class="successBlock">

Find the open source transformer code for this destination in the <a href="https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-transformer/tree/master/v0/destinations/intercom">GitHub repository</a>.
</div>

<div class="warningBlock">

> <strong>This documentation is written for Intercom API v1.4</strong>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document takes the Intercom API v1.4 into consideration.
```

Author: Think the original sentence is good enough - there are several versions of the Intercom API and our destination is built to support the Intercom API v1.4.

Author: maybe we can tweak to "This destination supports Intercom API v1.4."

- **Access Token**: Enter your Intercom API access token. You can obtain the token by going to your Intercom dashboard and navigating to **Settings** > **Developers** > **Developer Hub**. Then, select your app and go to **Configure** > **Authentication**.

<div class="infoBlock">
 
For more information on obtaining the Intercom API access token, refer to the <a href="https://help-desk-migration.com/help/get-intercom-api-access-token/">Intercom Knowledge Base</a>.
</div>

- **App ID**: The Intercom app ID is required for the sending events via the web and mobile SDKs. You can get this ID from your Intercom dashboard by going to **Settings** > **Installation** and selecting the relevant platform.

<div class="infoBlock">
 
For more information on obtaining the your Intercom app ID,  refer to the <a href="https://www.intercom.com/help/en/articles/3539-where-can-i-find-my-workspace-id-app-id">Intercom Knowledge Base</a>.
</div>

- **Android API Key** / **iOS API Key**: This is required for sending events from your mobile apps to Intercom. You can get it from your Intercom dashboard by going to **Settings** > **Installation** and selecting the relevant platform.

> - **Include Context with Identify Calls**: Enable this option to send the user context details to Intercom in the [`identify`](#identify) calls.

Reviewer: can add a link to the relevant subheading in the doc below

Author: Done

> - **Send AnonymousId as Secondary UserId**: Enable this option to send `anonymousId` as the user ID to Intercom when the `userId` is absent from the event payload.

Reviewer 2: Its only visible if connected from android source

> - **Send AnonymousId as Secondary UserId**: Enable this option to send `anonymousId` as the user ID to Intercom when the `userId` is absent from the event payload.

Author: @utsabc I could see it while connecting with the JS source too

> - **Send AnonymousId as Secondary UserId**: Enable this option to send `anonymousId` as the user ID to Intercom when the `userId` is absent from the event payload.

Author: @utsabc talking about the "Include Context with Identify Calls" setting.

  when they tap the button to upload their images.
</div>
</li>
</ol>
      </TabPanel>
    </TabPanels>
</Tabs>

## Identify

The [`identify`](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/identify/) call captures the details about a visiting user.

A sample`identify` call looks like the following code snippet:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.identify("1hKOmRA4GRlm", {
  name: "Alex Keener",
  email: "alex@example.com",
  company: {
    id: "group01",
    name: "Tech Group",
  },
  createdAt: "Mon May 19 2019 18:34:24 GMT+0000 (UTC)",
})
```

> ### How RudderStack uses `identify` to send data to Intercom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using `identify` call
```

You can use the `identify` call to:

- **Create/update a user**: When you make an`identify` call, RudderStack creates or updates the user in Intercom using their [Users API](https://developers.intercom.com/reference#users).
- **Remove users from a company**: To remove users from a company, you can pass `remove: true` inside the `company` object, as shown:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.identify("1hKOmRA4GRlm", {
  name: "Alex Keener",
  email: "alex@example.com",
  company: {
    id: "group01",
    name: "Tech Group",
    remove: true
  },
  createdAt: "Mon May 19 2019 18:34:24 GMT+0000 (UTC)",
})
```

> - **Unsubscribe users**: To unsubscribe users from emails, pass `unsubscribedFromEmails: true` inside the `context` object, as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Unsubscribe users**: To unsubscribe users from emails, you can pass `unsubscribedFromEmails: true` inside the `context` object, as shown:
```
to be consistent with above

```javascript
rudderanalytics.identify("1hKOmRA4GRlm", {
  name: "Alex Keener",
  email: "alex@example.com",
  company: {
    id: "group01",
    name: "Tech Group",
  },
  unsubscribedFromEmails: true,
  createdAt: "Mon May 19 2019 18:34:24 GMT+0000 (UTC)",
})
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> RudderStack currently does not support Intercom's <strong>Last Seen</strong> feature yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RudderStack does not support Intercom's <strong>Last Seen</strong> feature currently.
```

</div>

A sample `page` call looks like the following code snippet:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.page("Best Seller")
```

## Reset

The `reset` method resets the previously identified user and any related information.

<Tabs>
  <TabList>
    <Tab>Android</Tab>
    <Tab>iOS</Tab>
  </TabList>
    <TabPanels>
      <TabPanel>
        To reset a user identification in your Android app, run the following command:

<span>

```kotlin
rudderClient.reset();
```
</span>

      </TabPanel>
      <TabPanel>
        To reset a user identification in your iOS app, run the following command:

<span>

```objectivec
[[RSClient sharedInstance] reset];
```
</span>

      </TabPanel>
    </TabPanels>
  </Tabs>

## Implementing push notifications and deep linking

None of the RudderStack SDKs support push notifications at this point. Refer to the [Intercom Documentation](https://developers.intercom.com/installing-intercom/docs) for more information on configuration these features for your project.

## FAQ

> ### Where can I find the Intercom API access token?

Author: Makes sense.
